docs!: replace doc-build-live with doc-serve (#2078)
flame-engine/flame: doc/development/documentation.md

a second or two.

If you want to automatically recompile the docs every time there is a change to one of the files
you can use the the built-in Melos target below, which will also serve and open your default
browser with the docs.

```console
melos doc-serve
```

> When using the **melos doc-serve** command, the **melos doc-build** need not be used every time,
> because it also compiles and then serves. This serves the site at `http://localhost:8000/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the **melos doc-serve**, the **melos doc-build** is only needed when.
there are changes to the sphinx theme.
This is due to that `doc-serve` both automatically compiles the docs on
changes and also hosts them locally.
The docs are served at `http://localhost:8000/` by default.
```
